# GPI-Score-and-Religions
An examination of correlation between the Global Peace Index score of a country and it's religions.
Please keep in mind that correlation DOES NOT mean causation.  If a correlation is found between a certain religion and a worse GPI score, it may be do to any number of reasons that have nothing to do with the religion directly.  It may be because the GPI is biased to favor judeo-christian values over other religious cultures.  It may be because the typically more wealthy and imperialistic countries tend to be christian and therefor are more keen to start wars in non-christian countries.  This analysis DOES NOT show any cause, only correlation.  The cause must still be discovered by follow-up.

It might be a good idea to explain WHY I chose to do this in light of it's very loaded subject matter.  About 2 years ago, my father sent me an email forward that contained generic conservative memes and borderline racist or offensive ideas meant as jokes.  One in particular bothered me.  The picture claimed that all of the top ten safest countries in the world according to the GPI were predominantly christian countries, and nine out of the bottom ten were over 95% Muslim.  When I checked the actual GPI list, that was false.  The countries they listed were wrong and the percentages of their population for religions were wrong.  Seeing that the particular countries and statistics in the email were a lie, I wanted to collect the actual statistics and see if it would disprove the racist(religious-ist?) assumption behind the email.
